(ARE YOU READY?)
(TO WATCH CHUU'S LOOΠΔ TV)
(Someone is familiar and someone is not familar!)
(Yves who looks comfortable!)
(Chuu who looks not comfortable at all!)
(And HeeJin & a blurred girl)
(Don't be worry. It's a camera adaptation training!)
HaSeul: You need to talk more~
Chuu: Ah, really...?
Chuu: The weather is nice~
Chuu: I...
Chuu: like singing...
Yves: Close up~
(It's another adaptation training!)
Chuu: I'm 19 years old...
Yves: (Demonstration) I'm 19 years old, Yves!
(She looks really comfortable now)
'You guys are good at pretending to be friendly"
Yves: (Nope) She's my real friend.
(The girls are cheering up Chuu and a blurred girl)
All: Fighting!
(And Kim Lip gives her a cheer, too!)
HeeJin: Can you do well today?
(Anyway, let's start the photo shooting!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Chuu - Heart Attack"